<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://hl7.org/fhir ../../input-cache/schemas/R5/fhir-single.xsd">
  <a name="usage"><b>Usage</b></a>

  <p>The Procedure and ProcedureNotDone profiles represent the positive and
    negative statements for a procedure.
  </p>


<p>The following example illustrates the use of the ProcedureNotDone profile:</p>
<pre>
<code>define "Intermittent Pneumatic Compression Devices Not Applied":
  [ProcedureNotDone: "Application of Intermittent Pneumatic Compression Devices (IPC)"] DeviceNotApplied
    where DeviceNotApplied.statusReason in "Medical Reason"
      or DeviceNotApplied.statusReason in "Patient Refusal"</code>
</pre>

  <p>
  <tr>
      <td>See the <a href="patterns.html">patterns</a> page for implementation and usage patterns.</td>
  </tr>
  </p>
  <a name="examples"> </a>
  <h3>Examples</h3>
  <p>
  <table>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
          <td><a href="Procedure-negation-example.html">Negation Example with valuset</a></td><td>Procedure not performed due to complications; indicates that none of the procedures in the given not done value set were performed.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="Procedure-negation-with-code-example.html">Negation Example with code</a></td><td>Procedure not performed due to complications; indicates that a specific procedure, by code, was not performed.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
  </p>


  <p>For a more complete discussion of representation of negation within US Quality Core and quality improvement artifacts, see the <a href="general-requirements.html#negation-in-us-quality-core">Negation in US Quality Core</a> topic.</p>

  <!-- START SEARCH EXPECTATIONS -->
  <a name="search-expectations"><b>Search Expectations</b></a>
  <p>For Procedure, US Quality Core includes <code>patient</code>, <code>status</code>, and <code>date</code> search parameters, with required support for the <code>patient+status</code> and <code>patient+date</code> combinations. These searches support patient-scoped retrieval, status-sensitive or negation workflows, and date-sensitive retrieval for in-scope USCDI+ Quality data.</p>
  <p>See the <a href="CapabilityStatement-us-quality-core-server.html">US Quality Core Server CapabilityStatement</a> for the computable conformance expectations and the <a href="relationship-with-uscore-qicore.html#search-expectations-and-us-core">Relationship with US Core and QI-Core</a> page for the search selection rules. Applicable US Core 6.1.0 search expectations not repeated here still apply independently when an implementation claims US Core conformance.</p>
  <!-- END SEARCH EXPECTATIONS -->
</div>

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>extension:recorded: (USCDI+ Quality) When the procedure was first captured in the subject's record</li>
<li>partOf: (USCDI+ Quality) Part of referenced event</li>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) preparation \| in-progress \| not-done \| on-hold \| stopped \| completed \| entered-in-error \| unknown</li>
<li>statusReason: (USCDI+ Quality) Reason for the current status</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Identification of the procedure</li>
<li>performed[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) When the procedure was performed</li>
<li>reasonCode: (USCDI+ Quality) Coded reason procedure performed</li>
<li>reasonReference: (USCDI+ Quality) US Core Profile justifying the reason procedure performed</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
