<h3>USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations</h3>

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V1 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V1 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>extension:race: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) US Core Race Extension</li>
<li>extension:ethnicity: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) US Core ethnicity Extension</li>
<li>extension:tribalAffiliation: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Tribal Affiliation Extension</li>
<li>identifier: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) An identifier for this patient</li>
<li>identifier.system: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The namespace for the identifier value</li>
<li>identifier.value: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The value that is unique within the system.</li>
<li>name: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) A name associated with the patient</li>
<li>name.use: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) usual | official | temp | nickname | anonymous | old | maiden</li>
<li>name.family: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Family name (often called 'Surname')</li>
<li>name.given: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Given names (not always 'first'). Includes middle names</li>
<li>name.suffix: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Parts that come after the name</li>
<li>name.period: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Time period when name was/is in use</li>
<li>telecom: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) A contact detail for the individual</li>
<li>telecom.system: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) phone | fax | email | pager | url | sms | other</li>
<li>telecom.value: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The actual contact point details</li>
<li>telecom.use: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) home | work | temp | old | mobile - purpose of this contact point</li>
<li>birthDate: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The date of birth for the individual</li>
<li>deceased[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Indicates if the individual is deceased or not</li>
<li>address: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) An address for the individual</li>
<li>address.use: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) home | work | temp | old | billing - purpose of this address</li>
<li>address.line: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Street name, number, direction & P.O. Box etc.</li>
<li>address.city: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Name of city, town etc.</li>
<li>address.state: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Sub-unit of country (abbreviations ok)</li>
<li>address.postalCode: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) US Zip Codes</li>
<li>address.period: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Time period when address was/is in use</li>
<li>communication: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) A language which may be used to communicate with the patient about his or her health</li>
<li>communication.language: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The language which can be used to communicate with the patient about his or her health</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
