<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://hl7.org/fhir ../../input-cache/schemas/R5/fhir-single.xsd">
  <a name="usage"><b>Usage</b></a>
  <p>
  <tr>
      <td>See the <a href="patterns.html">patterns</a> page for implementation and usage patterns.</td>
  </tr>
  </p>

  <p>The Immunization and ImmunizationNotDone profiles represent the positive and
    negative statements for an immunization event. </p>

  <a name="examples"> </a>
  <h3>Examples</h3>
  <p>
  <table>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="Immunization-negation-example.html">Negation Example using valueset reference</a></td>
        <td>Immunization not performed due to patient declination for religious reasons; indicates that none of the vaccines in the given "not done value set" were administered.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="Immunization-negation-example-code.html">Negation Example using coding</a></td>
        <td>Immunization not performed due to patient declination for religious reasons; indicates that a specific vaccine, by code, was not administered.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
  </p>

  <p>Both of these example instances meet measure intent for exclusion as defined in the following illustrative CQL (informational; not part of conformance requirements):
  </p>

  <pre><code>define "Reason for No Polio Immunization":
  ["ImmunizationNotDone": "Inactivated Polio Vaccine (IPV)"] PolioVaccination
    where PolioVaccination.statusReason in "Medical Reason"
      or PolioVaccination.statusReason in "Patient Refusal"</code></pre>

  <p>For a more complete discussion of representation of negation within US Quality Core and quality improvement artifacts, see the <a href="general-requirements.html#negation-in-us-quality-core">Negation in US Quality Core</a> topic.</p>

  <!-- START SEARCH EXPECTATIONS -->
  <a name="search-expectations"><b>Search Expectations</b></a>
  <p>For Immunization, US Quality Core includes <code>patient</code> and <code>status</code> search parameters, with required support for the <code>patient+status</code> combination. These searches support patient-scoped retrieval and status-sensitive or negation workflows for in-scope USCDI+ Quality data.</p>
  <p>See the <a href="CapabilityStatement-us-quality-core-server.html">US Quality Core Server CapabilityStatement</a> for the computable conformance expectations and the <a href="relationship-with-uscore-qicore.html#search-expectations-and-us-core">Relationship with US Core and QI-Core</a> page for the search selection rules. Applicable US Core 6.1.0 search expectations not repeated here still apply independently when an implementation claims US Core conformance.</p>
  <!-- END SEARCH EXPECTATIONS -->
</div>

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) completed \| entered-in-error \| not-done</li>
<li>occurrence[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Vaccine administration date</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
