<h3>USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations</h3>

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V1 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V1 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) preparation​ | in-progress​ | cancelled​ | on-hold​ | completed​ | entered-in-error​ | stopped​ | unknown</li>
<li>medication[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) What medication was supplied</li>
<li>quantity: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Amount dispensed</li>
<li>daysSupply: (USCDI+ Quality) Amount of medication expressed as a timing amount</li>
<li>dosageInstruction: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) How the medication is to be used by the patient or administered by the caregiver</li>
<li>dosageInstruction.text: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Free text dosage instructions e.g. SIG</li>
<li>dosageInstruction.timing: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) When medication should be administered</li>
<li>dosageInstruction.route: (USCDI+ Quality) How drug should enter body</li>
<li>dosageInstruction.doseAndRate: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Amount of medication administered</li>
<li>dosageInstruction.doseAndRate.dose[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Amount of medication per dose</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.

<h3>Profile Specific Implementation Guidance</h3>

<p>To represent that a medication dispense intentionally did not occur for a medical, patient, or system reason, use the <a href="StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-medicationdispensedeclined.html">US Quality Core MedicationDispense Declined</a> profile.</p>

<p>Additional informational guidance for authoring CQL using this profile is provided in the <a href="#cql-authoring-usage-informational">CQL Authoring Usage (Informational)</a> section of this page.</p>
